When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
  we can't carry laptop /pc all the time so what if we need our files at our office or college where we dont have our local 
  computer so to access files at that time we need our files to be uploaded to remote repository from where we can access all the
  files and no need to carry your files explicitly in pendrive. 
Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
	because if we are working on a feature that already has many commits and needs some more commits to function completely
	we would want to commit to github repository (which is public ) only when it is ready completely.
	so automatic commit is not required!
Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
	fork - to get the code from one's github to yours
	clone - to get the code from github
	branch - to get the code to another branch on your local machine.
	fork to get the code of my friend from github to my github
	clone to get the code from github account to my local machine
	branch when i have the code in local machine and i want to do some experiments on it without affecting the master branch
What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
	if we know the last known stage of the remote locally we will know that our files are up-to- date with the github file and 
	we can use any of the files further to proceed because at the end we know the last state and we can pull it or fetch it merge with solving conflicts if any and bring them to same state.
How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
	i can collaborate by asking my friend to mail the files make changes to it or see what changes are done
	then save the final version and paste the final files into mailbox and mail it to my friend.
	it would be diffcult coz every time i made changes i had to upload them or i want to see changes done by my friend i have to ask her to mail me and download it .it would be dowloaded and files(1).txt as it keeps the record that no to filea have same name so i had to change name of the file or store it in different directory to run it and see what changes are done then do my changes save it and again mail my friend.
	very hard and time consuming.
When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
	when i have many people collaborating or working on a single project i cannot simply make changes in to master as there may be people having different opinions about the changes being made so creating a separate branch would be better in this case.
	and then pull requests that to them and get their feedback before merging it.
	if we are working alone then making changes in master branch is preferrable as we dont want to do the etc work of creating the branch and then merging it with the master again and udating the local and github files